	git init
The word init means initialize. The command sets up all the tools Git needs to begin tracking changes made to the project.The Git project was created.

The Git workflow consists of editing files in the working directory, adding files to the staging area, and saving changes to a Git repository.

To check status of changes made 
	git status

We can add a file to the staging area with:

	git add filename
We still need to commit this to make a permanent change.

Since the file is tracked, we can check the differences between the working directory and the staging area with:

	git diff filename
Staging area content is displayed in white. Changes to the file are marked with a '+' and are indicated in green.

press q on your keyboard to exit diff mode.

A commit is the last step in our Git workflow. A commit permanently stores changes from the staging area inside the repository.

	git commit -m "Complete first line of dialogue"

Often with Git, you'll need to refer back an earlier version of a project. Commits are stored chronologically in the repository and can be viewed with:

	git log

The most recently made commit is the HEAD commit.

	git show HEAD

	git checkout HEAD filename
will restore the file in your working directory to look exactly as it did when you last made a commit.

If file is on staging area and we see some error at this point, we just remove it from staging to working area by:
	git reset HEAD filename

TO delete previous some commits:
	git reset commit_SHA
	commit_SHA is first 7 char of SHA of that commit which you want to make as new HEAD.


To check current branch
	git branch
To create new branch 
	git branch new_branch
To switch to a new branch
	git checkout branch_name
To join branch to master:
	git merge branch_name 
	,while being in the master.

	git branch -d branch_name
deletes the specific branch

git clone: Creates a local copy of a remote.
git remote -v: Lists a Git project's remotes.
git fetch: Fetches work from the remote into the local copy.
git merge origin/master: Merges origin/master into your local branch.
git push origin <branch_name>: Pushes a local branch to the origin remote.
